Document the different yarn new --select options (#15155)
backstage/backstage: docs/local-dev/cli-commands.md

  -h, --help               display help for command
```

These are the available `--select` options supported by the `create` command:

| Create Option     | Description                                             | Example                        | Related                                                              |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | plugin            | Used to generate a default frontend plugin              | `packages/app`                 | [Create a Plugin](https://backstage.io/docs/plugins/create-a-plugin) |

Reviewer: Let's use `@backstage/plugin-catalog` instead of app and `@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend`  instead of `backend` as the current examples are private

Author: Just updated this.

| backend-plugin    | Used to generate a backend-specific plugin              | `packages/backend`             | [Backend Plugin](https://backstage.io/docs/plugins/backend-plugin)   |

> | plugin-common     | Generates a common library to be shared amongst plugins | `@backstage/plugin-adr-common` |                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| plugin-common     | Generates a plugin specific package to be shared amongst backend and frontend plugins | `@backstage/plugin-adr-common` |                                                                      |
```

> | backend-plugin    | Generates a backend-specific plugin                                                                                                                                      | `packages/catalog-backend`     | [Backend Plugin](https://backstage.io/docs/plugins/backend-plugin)   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| backend-plugin    | Generates a backend plugin                                                                                                                                      | `@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend`     | [Backend Plugin](https://backstage.io/docs/plugins/backend-plugin)   |
```
